Students will investigate rates and scales of processes including earthquakes, erosion, mountain building, and resource
formation.
0.799: (Students; will investigate; rates and scales of processes)
0.343: (erosion; be processes including; earthquakes)

Studies of glacial rebound give us information about the flow law of mantle rocks and also past ice sheet history.
0.834: (Studies of glacial rebound; give us; information about the flow law of mantle rocks and also past ice sheet hist
ory)

Study of organisms following absorption of energy from ionizing radiation, particularly damage which may be produced by
this energy.
No extractions found.

The 7 ecosystems enable the reserve to host an incredible variety of animals and birds.
0.79: (the reserve; be an incredible variety of; animals and birds)
0.347: (an incredible variety of animals; be the reserve to; host)

The air handler contains a large blower and a filter just like conventional air conditioners.
0.74: (The air handler; contains; a large blower and a filter)

The animal-like part of our brain, the so-called reptile brain, contains our fight or flight response mechanism.
0.829: (The animal-like part of our brain; contains; our fight or flight response mechanism)
0.334: (animal-like; be part of; our brain)

The atomic number, that is, the number of protons in the nucleus and the number of electrons around the nucleus is the s
ignificant, essential basis for the modern periodic table.
0.876: (the number of protons in the nucleus and the number of electrons; is the significant , essential basis for; the
modern periodic table)
0.735: (the number of protons in the nucleus and the number of electrons; is; the significant , essential basis)
0.494: (the significant , essential basis; be the number of; electrons)
0.351: (the significant , essential basis; be the number of electrons around; the nucleus)
0.351: (the significant , essential basis; be the number of protons in; the nucleus)
0.329: (the significant , essential basis; be the number of; protons)

The documentary also looks at how farmers are learning about ecology and discovering how to produce crops with less pest
icides, often eliminating these toxic chemicals altogether.
0.653: (farmers; are learning; about ecology)
0.447: (crops; to be produce with; less pesticides)

The downward force on the air is equal and opposite to the upward force on the wing.
0.746: (The downward force; is; equal and opposite)
0.633: (The downward force; be opposite to; the upward force)
0.441: (equal and opposite; be The downward force on; the air)

The equipment to accomplish this consists only of a water meter suitable for use in hot water.
0.859: (The equipment to accomplish this; consists of; a water meter suitable)